Create generate-add-PATh-sshkey.md (#6)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/PATh/overview/account_setup/generate-add-PATh-sshkey.md

     Your identification has been saved in /home/<local_user_name>/.ssh/id_rsa.
     Your public key has been saved in /home/<local_user_name>/.ssh/id_rsa.pub.
     The key fingerprint is:
     ...

See Step 2 below to learn how to upload the contents of the `.pub` file (~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub) to the PATh Facility registration website. 

### Windows, using Putty to log in

If you can connect using the `ssh` command within the Command Prompt (Windows 10 build version 1803 and later), please follow the Mac/Linux directions above. If not, 
continue with the directions below. 

1. Open the `PuTTYgen` program.  You can download `PuttyGen` 
here: [PuttyGen Download Page](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html), 
scroll down until you see the `puttygen.exe` file. 

2. For Type of key to generate, select RSA or SSH-2 RSA. 

3. Click the "Generate" button.

4. **Move your mouse in the area below the progress bar.**
When the progress bar is full, PuTTYgen generates your key pair.

5. Type a passphrase in the "Key passphrase" field. Type the same passphrase in the "Confirm passphrase" field. You 
can use a key without a passphrase, but this is not recommended.

> 6. Click the "Save private key" and "Save public key" buttons to save the private key. **You must save both keys.** You will need them to successfully login from your machine. 

Author: ```suggestion
6. Click the "Save private key" and "Save public key" buttons to save both keys. **You must save both keys.** You will need them to successfully login from your machine. 
```

> profile. 

## Logging In

After following the steps above to upload your key and it's been a few hours, you should 
be able to log in to begin using PATh Facility compute resources. 

### For Mac, Linux, or newer versions of Windows

Open a terminal and type in: 

    ssh <your_PATh_Facility_username>@ap1.facility.path-cc.io

It will ask for the passphrase for your ssh key (if you set one) and then you 
should be logged in. 

### For older versions of Windows

On older versions of Windows, you can use the [Putty program](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html) to log in. 

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OSGConnect/connectbook/master/images/putty-screenshots.png" alt="PuTTY Intructions Screenshot">

1. Open the `PutTTY` program. If necessary, you can download PuTTY from the website here [PuTTY download page](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html).

2. Type in `ap1.facility.path-cc.io` as the as the hostname address. Leave Port `22` as the default Port number. 

3. In the left hand menu, click the "+" next to "SSH" to expand the menu.

4. Click "Auth" in the "SSH" menu.

> 5. Click "Browse" and specify the private key file you used above.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click "Browse" and specify the private key file you saved in Step 1.
```
